companion his name to the elba valley and
the rapier
hk shrinks and your Mexican islands of
minors if they handle carmen is that of
want ships rifle ak in academy and this
It was complicated when an ambush
quinoa
where was
the police we will see
marilyn its leader
the demand in the match both for the
male in the woman is that we would like
have male female comrades with
proletarian feeling and mentality not
matter the gender clear that having a
woman will grant him posthumous affection
there will be two wedding officers of the
National Police of Peru to the official
third for the 'alias manifesto
'gavilán' was only 25 years old and his
death in the vrae jungle has begun
a painful statistic the sub officer of
police
marilín solier galván became the
first woman in uniform killed in
a narco-terrorist ambush that of
last Sunday at a bend in the
highway to kino to huamanga in ayacucho
a sad climax for Easter
what happened of us we are very hurt
because she is indeed the first woman
a woman who with much courage with much
value works of the dirandro in the fight
against drugs and grief and
Bewilderment does not stop was from Huanta and
before I had studied to be a teacher
of initial education everything indicates that the
ambush in the
died the petty officer solier was a
response of drug traffickers to
constant anti-drug operations in the
area as you can see in these
images the female presence in the
law enforcement in these operations is
increasing
credit status
no no
but what really happens in the whole area
del vrae with the patrol of the officer
Solier was returning from an operation
seizure of chemical inputs for
drug when they were attacked the
explanation to the question has a
single direction the inordinate production
of coca leaves throughout the valley of the
apurímac and ene rivers and an indubitable
alliance with the trail remnants
bright in the 11,000 hectares of
coca leaves in the vrae production that
is mostly destined to
drug trafficking is to say the report the
zone in Peru where leaf cultivation
of coca is handled with the highest
technology can produce up to 4
tons of dry leaf per hectare that
lying down that ended the life of the
NCO Solier has not been the first
and unfortunately it will not be the last
unfortunately and for more than
Authorities say the opposite seems
that there is still no full knowledge
of what the drug trafficking